Inaddition, on each future premium due date(s)°a percentage of the original modal premium’ shall be credited to the policyholder's Fund Value after deduction of applicable charges. The percentage being theratio of premiums paid to premiums payable underthepolicy. The policy will continue with norisk coverand the fund value will be payable on maturity. Referstopremium due dates ofthe policy haditbeena premium paying policy Refers to modal premium of the policy hadit beena premium paying policy. C. Partial Withdrawal We understand that you may need money to meet any future financial emergencies. You can withdraw money from your funds tomeetsuch needs You can make lump sum partial withdrawals from your funds after 5 years of your policy provided: m TheLifeAssuredisatleast18 yearsof age. = The minimum partial withdrawal amount is 10,000. This is subject to change fromtimetotime. m= The fund value after the partial withdrawal and any applicable charges (including applicable taxes and statutory levies, if any) is not less than 150% of annualized premiumfor limitedpremium paymentpolicies. = Forlimited and regular premium payment policies, the maximum amount that can be withdrawn from the basic fund value throughout the policy term is 300% of the annualized premium. = For single premium payment policies, maximum amount that can be withdrawn from the basic fund alue throughout the policy term is50% of single premium. m= The partial withdrawals shall not be allowed which would result in termination of a contract. D.OnDiscontinuance This plan has a grace period of 15 days for monthly mode and 30 days for other modes. During the grace period, the policy is considered to be in-force with the risk cover without any interruption Discontinuance of Policy duringthe lock-in-Period: a) For other than single premium policies, upon expiry of the grace period, in case of discontinuance of policy due to non-payment of premium, the fund value after deducting the applicable discontinuance charges, shall be credited to the discontinued policy fund and the risk coverandrider cover, if any, shall cease. b) Such discontinuance charges shallnotexceedthe charges, stipulated in “Charges” section of this document. All such discontinued policies shall be provideda revival periodof three years from date of first unpaid premium. On such discontinuance, the company will communicate the status of the policy, within three months of the first unpaid premium, to the policyholder and provide the option to revive the policy within the revivalperiod of threeyears. i. In case the policyholder opts to revive but does not revive the policy during the revival period, the proceeds of the discontinued policy fund shallbe paid to thepolicyholderat the end of therevival period orlock-in period whichever is later. Inrespect of revival period endingafter lock-in period, the policy will remain in discontinuance fund till the end of revival period. The Fund management charges of discontinued fund will be applicable during this periodandno other charges willbe applied. ii.In case the policyholder doesnot exercise the optionas set out above, the policy shall continue without any risk cover and rider cover, if any, and the policy fund shall remain invested in the discontinuance fund. At the end of the lock-in period, the proceeds of the discontinuance fund shall be paidto thepolicyholder and thepolicy shall terminate. ili, However, the policyholder has an option to surrender the policy anytime and proceeds of the discontinued policy shall be payable atthe end of lock-in periodor date of surrender whicheveris|ater. (Incase of Single premium policies, the policyholderhas an option to surrender any time during the lock-in period. Upon receipt of request for surrender, the fund value, after deducting the applicable discontinuance charges, shall be credited to the discontinued policy fund. i. Such discontinuance charges shall not exceed the charges stipulated insection"Charges” of this document. ii. The policy shall continue to be invested in the discontinued policy fund and the proceeds from the discontinuance fund shall be paid at the end of lock-in period. Only fund management charge can be deducted from this fund during this period. Further, no risk cover shall be available onsuch policy during thediscontinuance period. The minimum guaranteed interest rate applicable to the ‘Discontinued Policy Fund shall beas per the prevailing regulations and is currently 4% p.a. The proceeds of the discontinued policy shall be refunded only upon completion of the lock-in period. Proceeds of the discontinued policies means the fund value as onthe date the policy was discontinued, after addition of interest computed at the interestrate stipulatedasabove. Discontinuance of Policyafterthe lock-in-Period: a) For otherthan Single Premium Polici |. Upon expiry of the graceperiod, incase of discontinuance of policy due to non-payment of premium after lock-in period, the policy shall be convertedintoa reduced paid up policy withthepaid-up sum assuredi.e. original sum assured multiplied by the total number of premiums paid to. the original number of premiums payable as per the terms and conditions of the policy. The policy shall continue to be in reduced paid- up status without rider cover, if any. All charges as per terms and conditions of the policy shall be deducted during the revival period. However, the mortality charges shall be deducted based on the reduced