= During the settlement period the units will be redeemed systematically, Units as of maturity date will be redeemed in 60 monthly instalments beginning from the maturity date, 1 TheFund Value at Maturityis greater than or equalto €1Lakh. 1m In case of settlement period after maturity, the risk cover shall be maintained at 105% of the total premiums paid. Accordingly, mortality chargeswill be deducted, 1 The charges levied on the fund during settlement period are the fund management charge, switching charge and mortality charges if any. The company willnotlevyany other charges. Switches willbeallowed during thesettlement period 1 Partialwithdrawalsshall not beallowedduringthe settlement period During the settlement period, the Policyholder shall have an option to withdraw the entire fund valueat any timewithoutlevyinganycharge E) TaxBenefits Tax Benefits may be available as pervailing tax laws. You are requested to consultyourtaxadvisor F) CancellationintheFree-Look period: Incase you are notagreeable tothe any of the policy terms and cont ions, youhave the option of returning thepolicy tous statingthereasons thereof, 15 days from the date of receipt of the policy. The Free-Look period icies purchased through distance marketing (specified below) will be 30days. Onreceiptof yourletteralongwith the original policydocuments, we shall arrange torefund you the value of unitsallocatedto youon thedate of receipt of requestplus the unallocated part of the premium plus charges levied by cancellation of units, subjecttodeductionof the proportionaterrisk premium for the period on cover, the expenses incurred by us on medical examination and stamp duty. Distance Marketing refers to insurance policies sold through any mode apart from face-to-face interactions such as telephone, internet etc (Please refer to “Guidelines on Distance Marketing of Insurance Product” forexhaustive definition of Distance Marketing) G) Alterations: m= Switch between Classic Benefit Life Option and Classic Benefit Extra Life Optionand vice-versa = Changeindeath benefit optionis not allowed. = Changeof frequencyisallowed. Increase or decrease of policy term, sum assured and premiums are not lowed. @ Increase inpremium payment termis owed. H) Nomination as per Section 39 of the Insurance Act 1938 as amended from time to time: (1) The Policyholder of alife insurance on his ownlife may nominatea person or personsto whom money secured bythe policy shallbe paidinthe event ofhis death (2)Wherethenominee is a minor, the Policyholder may appoint any personto receive the money secured by the policy in the event of policyholder’s death during the minority of the nominee. The manner of appointment to belaiddownbythe insurer. (3) Nomination canbe madeatanytime beforethe maturity ofthe policy. (4)Nomination may be incorporated in the text of the policy itself or may be endorsed on thepolicy communicated to the insurer and canbe registered by the insurerinthe records relating to the policy. (5)Nomination can be cancelled or changed at any time before policy matures, by an endorsement ora furtherendorsementora as thecase may be. A must be (6)A notice in writing of Change or Cancellation of noi delivered to the insurer for the insurer to be liable to such nominee Otherwise, insurer person named in the text of the policy or in the registered records of the not be liable if a bonafide payment is made to the insurer. (7)Fee to be paid to the insurer for registering change or cancellation of a nomination canbe specified by the Authority through Regulations. (8)A transfer or assignment made in accordance with Section 38 shall automatical cancel the no jon except in case of assignment to the insurer or other transferee or assignee for purpose of loan or against security or its reassignment after repayment. In such case, the nomination will not get cancelled to the extent of insurer's or transferee's or assignee’s interest in the policy. The nomination will get revived on repaymentofthe loan, (9) The provisions of Section 39 are not applicable to any life insurance policy to which Section 6 of Married Women's Property Act, 1874 applies or has at any time applied except where before or after Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015, a nomination is made in favour of spouse or children or spouse and children whether or not on the face of the policy it is mentioned th made under Section 39. Where nomination is intended to be made to spouse or children or spouse and children under Section 6 of MWP Act, it should be speciffcally mentioned on the policy. In such acase only, the provisions of Section 39 will not apply. 1) Assignment as per Section 38 of the Insurance Act 1938 as amended from time to time: This policy may be transferred/assigned, wholly orin part, with or without consideration.