In agaition, only iT you request Tor partial witharawal, Tuna switcn ana premium redirection following charges will be charged on such requests. = Partial withdrawal charge: There are 4 free partial withdrawals in each policy year. Subsequent partial withdrawals, if any, willattracta charge of 2250perrequestora reduced charge of 25 perrequestif executed through the company’s web portal. This will be levied on the unit fund at the timeof partwithdrawalof thefund during the contractperiod. ™ Switching charge: There are 4 free switches in each policy year. Subsequent switches, if any, will attract a charge of €250 per request ora reduced charge of ®25 per request if executed through the company's web portal. This charge will be levied on switching of monies from one fund to another available fund within the product. The charge per each switch will be levied at the time of effecting the switch. = Premium Redirection: There are 4 free premium redirections in each policy year. Subsequent premium redirections, if any, will attract a charge of £250 per request or a reduced charge of £25 per request if executed through the company’s web portal. Rider Op’ We offer the following Rider options (as modified from time to time) to help you enhance your protection Abenefit equal to 1% of Rider Sum Assured per month for HDFC Life Income the next 10 years, in case of Benefit on Accidental |101B013V03 | an Accidental Total Disability Rider Permanent Disability. There is no maturity benefit available under this rider. ‘Alump sum benefit equal to the Rider Sum Assured shall be payable in case you are diagnosed with any of the 19 1018014V02| Critical linesses and survive for aperiod of 30 days following the diagnosis. There is no maturity benefit available under this rider. A benefit as a proportion of the Rider Sum Assured shall bepayablein case on acciden- tal death or partial/total HDFCLife disability due to accident or if ProtectPlusRider |!02BOL6VOL) yo, are diagnosed with cancer as per the option chosen under this rider. No maturity benefit is payable under this rider. **For all details on Riders, kindly refer to the Rider Brochures available on our website T&C We recommend that you read and understand this product brochure & customised benefit illustration and understand what the plan is, how it works and the risks involved before you purchase. We have appointed Certified Financial Consultants, duly licensed by IRDAI, whowill explain our plans to youandadvise you on the correct insurance solution thatwill meet yourneeds. A)Risk Factors: = Unit Linked Insurance products are different from the traditional insurance products andare subject totheriskfactors. = The premium paid in Unit Linked Insurance policies are subject to investment risks associated with capital markets and the NAVs of the units may go up or down based on the performance of fund and factors ns HDFCLife Critical Illness Plus Rider RUFC LHe msuaILE Wumpany LMU Is Uy WIE HaMe UF ute Line Insurance Company and HDFC Life Sampoorn Nivesh is only the name of the unit linked insurance contract and does not in any way indicate the quality of the contract, itsfuture prospects or returns. m Please know the associated risks and the applicable charges, from your Insurance agent or the Intermediary or policy document issued by the insurancecompany. m= The various funds offered under this contact are the names of the funds and do not in any way indicate the quality of these plans, their future prospectsandreturns. B) UnitPrices: We will set the Unit Price of a fund as per the IRDA''s guidelines. The unit price of Unit Linked Funds shall be computed as: Market Value of Investments held by the fund plus the value of any current assets less the value of current liabilities and provisions, if any. Dividing by the number of units existing at the valuation date before any units are allocated/redeemed, gives the unit price of the fund under consideration. We round the resulting price to the nearest Re. 0.0001. This price will be daily published on our website and the Life Insurance Council Website. Units shall only be allocated on the day the proposal is accepted and results into a policy by adjustment of application money towards premium, The premium will be adjusted onthe due date even if ithas been received in advance and the status of the premium received in advance shall be communicated to the policyholder. C) Exclusions: Suicide Exclusion In case of death due to suicide within 12 months from the date of commencement of the policy or from the date of revival of the policy, as applicable, the nominee or the beneficiary of the policyholder shall be entitled to the fundvalue,asavailable on the date of intimation of death. Further any charges other than Fund Management Charges (FMC) and guarantee charges recovered subsequent to the date of death shall be added back to the fund value as available on the date of intimation of death. Other Exclusion We will not pay AccidentalDeath Benefit, if the accidental death is caused directly orindirectly by any of the followin m Intentionally self inflicted injury or suicide, irrespective of mental condition. = Alcoholor solventabuse, or the taking of drugs except under thedirection of registeredmedical practitioner. = Taking partor practicing forany hazardous hobby or pursuitorrace. = War, invasion, hostilities (whether war is declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution ortakingpartinariot or civil commotion. ™ Taking part in any flying activity, other than as a passenger in a commercially licensed aircraft. = Taking partin any act of acriminalnature with criminalintent. D) SettlementOption: ThePolicyholder canavailofthe settlementoption for maturitybenefit, subjecttofollowing: a The investment risk during the settlement period continues to be borne by the Policyholder. You can take your fund value at maturity in periodical instalments over a settlement period which mayextendtoa maximum of 5 years. m= The first instalment under settlement option will be payable on the date ofmaturity.